Miss Su, did you save me?
Just a small thing
Don't worry about it
I ask Your Majesty to atone for the matters in the palace
You were just poisoned
How can I blame
Go and change into clean clothes
Thank you your majesty
Miss Jiang has excellent medical skills
You must have saved the regent as well
Ministry of the Emperor
Chen was just lucky
There is some research on these two poisons
Can cure the poison that the imperial doctor can't cure
It wasn't a fluke.
I have always rewarded and punished
Come on, preach
Feng Jiang Wanyue adds clothes to Dongli
I just know how to interpret the reward
Where is the art?
I can't afford such a big name
The emperor's minister and daughter give it to me
The minister and daughter are not talented
Received the love of the emperor
Emperor Xie's reward
Obviously just a village girl
He actually detoxifies
I must not let him steal the limelight of Rouer
Your Majesty has arrived in time
It's time to salute
Jiang Wanle, I'll see how proud you are later